Who doesn’t know that they have worked for many years without participating in this battle?
It doesn't matter if you have money, I have 200 things,
All unparalleled, do you think I can,
Are you afraid of your threats? I came from thousands of miles away to attend the Chamber of Commerce.
You guys at Baylor,
Just forget it if you don’t have the mentality to lose.
And let these few people worry about their positions,
Since you are still making it so difficult for me,
It is my country that you should protect,
It doesn’t count if you hug Yifa too
We can duel you before
I can make you sit down and get used to me
It's a greeting to you
Finally showing your true face
In the big direction, don’t know how big it is
I won't allow you to ignore the Chinese people like this
Please apologize immediately
When you are no one enter me
I'm your boss
That's when I fell too
If I hadn't fallen down
One gift belt
Not a city from a foreign country
I'm not polite to you
It's not easy to pick you up
Don't blame me for being rude
Find us you
Don't touch, don't move